that's why the guide training course is
so intensive Paulin for ice stint with
Troy is coming to an end
they're packing up to return to Roo
kimochi the safari camp where they are
based they'll be using their newfound
skills to guide real tourists but only
in vehicles at this stage they're not
yet ready for the ultimate
responsibility guiding visitors on foot
to see the big five the standards are
extremely high and there are no
shortcuts with people like Troy
examining potential new guides only the
very best will qualify
Buffalo and live elephant and rhino
we've seen four of the big five and
here's the last
it's a final chance for Troy to pass his
knowledge and expertise on to Paul and
for I she comes with it she's totally
relaxed look at this absolutely
beautiful
I mean she's worried about us Paul yeah
just look I like camouflage wigs she's
any seven eight yards away there she
goes Paul and four eyes training still
has some way to go but if all goes well
they hope to take their Zimbabwe safari
guides licence after one more year who
knows if you go on safari in Zimbabwe it
could be your life in their hand
he's gonna flip his using a kickstand
to get any cheaper